

The One With Ross's Wedding Parts I and II


The One With Rosss Wedding Parts I and II

Part I Written by: Michael Borkow
Part II Teleplay by: Shana Goldberg-Meehan & Scott Silveri
Part II Story by: Jill Condon & Amy Toomin
Part I Transcribed by: Eric Aasen 
Part II Transcribed by: Aaron D. Miller

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Chandler are getting ready for the flight to
London and Monica comes running in.]
Monica: Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to
get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London,
there could be a line at customs! Come on!! (She runs back to her apartment.)
Chandler: Six-hour trip to London. Thats a lot of Monica.
[Cut to the girls apartment, Monica is putting things into her purse as Phoebe
and Rachel watch.]
Monica: Passport, check! (As she puts away each item, she says check.) Camera,
check! Travellers cheques, check! 
Rachel: Who are you saying "check" too?
Monica: Myself. Yknow for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good
thing, you get a check! (pause) My mom does it, I never realized it was weird.
Phoebe: Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only
did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
Ross: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Ross: Hey! Are you ready yet?
Monica: Yep! You got the tickets?
Ross: Oh! Got em right here, (Pats his coat pocket) check!
[Cut to the guys apartment.]
Joey: Its all London, baby! Here we go. (He takes a picture of a less than
enthused Chandler and starts towards the girls apartment.)
Chandler: You got your passport?
Joey: Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You dont want to lose that.
(Chandler glares at him. At first Joey doesnt know why, it takes him a little bit
to figure it out.)
Joey: Ohh!! (Runs to his room.)
Chandler: There it is.
Opening Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier, Monica is telling Phoebe where
everything is.]
Monica: Okay, if you need the vacuum, its in my closet on the left-hand
side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator
Phoebe: Okay, okay, but Rachels gonna be here too, cant I just ask
her this stuff?
Monica: Yeah, okay, give that a try!
Chandler: (entering, with Joey) All right! Lets do it!
Joey: Woo-hoo!!
Ross: Yeah, cheerie-o! 
Joey: London baby!
Chandler: Okay, cause thats not gonna get annoying.
Joey: (louder) London baby!!
Chandler: Hey, yknow what? I was wrong.
Ross: Well, were all here! I guess we should get going!
Phoebe: Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on
your wedding, but I dontcant get up.
Ross: Oh, Ill-Ill come hug you.
Phoebe: Great! Yeah, could you bring me the newspaper?
Ross: Yeah. (He does so and Phoebe hugs him.)
Phoebe: Oh, have a great wedding!
Ross: Thanks.
Phoebe: Oh, hey, Chandler I wanna hug you too!
Chandler: Hey! (Trots over)
Phoebe: Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, its on the
counter in your apartment.
Chandler: Oh. (Goes and gets Phoebes book as Rachel comes in from her
room.)
Ross: (to Rachel) So, were off.
Rachel: Have fun!
Ross: Thanks! (They hug.) Ugh, I cant believe youre not gonna be
there!
Rachel: Oh, I know.
Ross: So-so come! Why dont you come?
Rachel: What?!
Ross: To London! Come to London. Please? Itll mean so much to me.
Rachel: Yeah, well, I gotta work, Im sorry.
Ross: Why-why cant you take a couple of days off?
Rachel: Because, I cant! Ross, I told you, no. I cant.
Ross: This is my wedding.
Monica: All right, yknow what? We really are late! Lets go!
Lets go! Lets go!!
Ross: Fine. Youll-youll watch it on video when we get back.
Chandler: (entering, with Phoebes book.) Here you go Phoebe! Here you go
Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.
Phoebe: (laughs) Thank you.
(Chandler kneels down with his arms spread waiting for his hug.
Phoebe: Thank you. (She pats him on his head.)
Ross: All right, lets go! Bye, Pheebs!
Joey: Bye, Pheebs!
(They all start out, Rachel gives each one a kiss, and says "bye." In the
hall, Joey says)
Joey: London baby!! (And Rachel slowly closes the door, sadly.)
Phoebe: Oh, do you need a hug? You dont have to bring me anything!
(And with that, television history is made as, for the first time ever, an entire show
moves its entire production to an entirely different country to make a single
episode. We get shots of Buckingham Palace, London Bridge, Big Ben, and the London
Marriott as Joey and Chandler exit.)
[Scene: Street in front of the London Marriott, Joey and Chandler exit. Joey is
carrying a video camera and is shooting Chandler.]
Joey: Come on! Do something!
Chandler: I am, Im ignoring you.
Joey: Okay, here! (Gives him the camera.) I wanna be the on camera guy. All
right, first stop, Westminster Abbey. (Joey folds out his "pop-up" map of
London. All of the major landmarks pop-up like in a pop-up book.)
Chandler: Oh, what the hell is that?
Joey: Its London, baby! All right, the hotels here. (Points to the
map.) Wait. No, we wanna go No. I know. (Sets the map down.) Im gonna have to
go into the map. (So Joey literally steps into the map.)
Chandler: Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
Joey: I got it! (Picks up the map and starts walking.) Here we go.
Chandler: Okay. Listen-listen, were not gonna have to walk this way the
entire time are we?
Joey: Shhh! (Pause) Man, you made me lose it! (He goes into the map again.)
[Scene: Another street, somewhere along the River Themes, Ross, Emily, and Monica are
walking to where theyre gonna get married. Emily is relating the troubles with the
caterer.]
Emily: and that was all before 10 oclock. The caterer rang and said
it was going to be Chicken Kiev instead of Chicken Tarragon. And then the florist phoned
to say there arent any tulips. Oh, and the chilliest has carpel-tunel syndrome.
Were not gonna be
Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, (Gives her the time-out signal.) honey, okay?
Emily: Well, up yours too!
Ross: What?! No! No! Thats-thats time-out!
Emily: Sorry.
Ross: Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everythings gonna be great, okay? Come on.
Come on.
Monica: Chicken Kiev?
Ross: Um-hmm! Doesnt that sound delicious at the last minute?
Monica: Yeah, yknow, but something like salmon which would be so much more
elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldnt have to worry about the salmonella. (Ross
pushes her.) So, I cant wait to see this place youre getting married!
Ross: Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emilys parents got married
here.
Emily: I still cant believe theyre tearing it down. It really is the
most lovely building youll ever see. I mean its over (She stops
suddenly, when she sees that demolition has already started.) Oh my God!
Monica: Its nice.
Emily: Oh. Oh. (She starts running towards the building.)
[Cut to inside.]
Emily: (running in, with Ross) Oh. Oh my God. How can this be happening? What
are we going to do?
Ross: Its all right! Everythings gonna be all right.
Emily: Hows it gonna be all right?!
Ross: Uh-huh, I see that.
Monica: (entering) Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out
what happened. 
Ross: What? What?
Monica: They torn it down a few days early.
[Scene: Westminster Abbey, Joey and Chandler have successfully navigated the streets of
London and are approaching the Abbey.]
Joey: All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey Ive ever seen.
Hey! (Pushes Chandler in front of the camera.) Okay. What do you think of the Abbey,
Chandler?
Chandler: I think its great. Its great. Yknow, theyre
thinking of changing the name of this place.
Joey: Really? To what?
Chandler: To Put the Camera Away!!!
Joey: Man, you are Westminster Crabby. (He starts chasing Chandler
towards the Abbey.)
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is trying to move off of the couch as Rachel
enters.]
Phoebe: Oh. Oh.
Rachel: Oh, honey! Dont get up! What do you need?
Phoebe: Oh, no. Oh, nothing.
Rachel: Come on! I am here to take care of you! What do you need? Anything.
Phoebe: Okay, I have a wedgie.
Rachel: Okay, that is all you.
Phoebe: So-so, what do you want for lunch?
Rachel: Oh, I dont know. I guess we have to eat.
Phoebe: Yeah, I do. Whats the matter?
Rachel: Im just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I
shouldnt have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.
Phoebe: Eh, dont be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love
with was getting married
Rachel: (interrupting) Still in love with?! 
Phoebe: Yeah!
Rachel: Im not in love with Ross!
Phoebe: Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.
Rachel: Phoebe, Im going to Rosss wedding because he is my
ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, Im still in
love with him! I mean, hey, yknow, I like Ross as much as the next guy, yknow?
Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings dont mean love! I mean, I still
have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but
that doesnt mean that-that Im still in love with him. Yknow? I-I have
sexual feelings for him, but I do love himOhh! Oh my God! Oh mywhy
didnt you tell me?!!
Phoebe: We thought you knew!
Rachel: We?!
Phoebe: Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!
Rachel: You all know? Does Ross know?
Phoebe: Oh no, Ross doesnt know anything.
Rachel: Oh, I can not believe you didnt tell me!
Phoebe: Well, because we thought you knew!! Its so obvious! God, that
would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean."
[Scene: A park in London, Joey and Chandler walk up to a souvenir stand.]
Joey: Hey!
The Vendor: So, what are you guys in the market for? Weve got uh, scarves,
tulip post cards...
Joey: Check this out? Huh? (Joey has this big tall hat with a British flag on
the front of it.) Yeah. Thats the stuff. What do you think?
Chandler: Well, I dont have to buy that, "Im with stupid"
T-shirt anymore.
Joey: Well, I like it. Here you go. (He pays for the hat.)
Chandler: All right, look, youre not really gonna buy that are you?
Dont you think youve embarrassed me enough for one day?
Joey: Oh, I embarrass you? 
Chandler: How can I answer that when Im pretending I dont know you?
The Vendor: Hes just jealous. Youll fit right in; all Londoners wear
them!
Chandler: Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?
The Vendor: (looks around) Theyre all tourists.
Chandler: All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public,
yknow, youre gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
Joey: Oh yeah? (Puts the hat on.) If youre gonna make me choose between
you and the hat? I choose the hat.
The Vendor: Good choice.
Joey: Thanks.
Chandler: Okay, wait. All right, thats it, okay, Im out of here. I
am not going to be embarrassed anymore! (He trips over a box, falls into a flower stand
and walks away trying to be cool.)
[Scene: The hotel, Rosss room, Emily is entering.]
Emily: Hello?
Ross: Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think
well be able to find a new place for the wedding.
Emily: We dont have to.
Ross: Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?
Emily: No. But, Monica and I were talking, and-and I was so upset about the hall
being knocked down, and she suggested that we put the wedding off for a bit.
Ross: She said what?
Emily: She said, "If Im not gonna be happy getting married somewhere
that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
Ross: Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents
spent on this wedding? Do you my sisters teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that
people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? (He puts
his pants on backwards.) This isnt right.
Emily: I realize that people are going to be disappointed. But, Im sure
theyll come back when we can do it right.
Ross: I cant ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?
(Holds out his pants)
Emily: Dont you point your pants at me! (She throws them on the floor.) We
have no choice! Anywhere thats half-decent wouldve be booked months ago, Ross
dont you understand? This is our wedding Im talking about.
Ross: The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is
when were getting married.
Emily: So what are you saying? Its now or never?
Ross: No. Im saying its now. (He starts putting on his pants,
backwards again.)
Emily: Or?
Ross: Theres no or in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
Emily: Its not the pants. Its you that is backwards. And if, and if
you dont understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we
shouldnt get married at all! (She storms out.)
Ross: (chasing her, trying to zip up his pants. His got them on right now.) No,
wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please(He catches something important in the
zipper and howls like a little boy and falls to the floor.)
Commercial Break
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is on the couch as Rachel returns carrying a bunch
of shopping bags.]
Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: (depressed) Hi.
Phoebe: So, did shopping make you feel any better about Ross?
Rachel: Manhattan does not have enough stores.
Phoebe: Well, I think I can help you get over him.
Rachel: You can?
Phoebe: Yeah. I just need you to bring me some photos of Ross.
Rachel: Um-hmm.
Phoebe: And a small piece of chocolate.
Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: And a glass of tepid water. (She gathers up all of these things.)
Rachel: Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some
graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
Phoebe: Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you,
the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didnt feel like getting up. Okay,
Im gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And youre going to remember all of
the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Rachel: I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
Phoebe: Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I
love Ross, I think hes such a great guy. Here. (Hands her the picture, Rachel grabs
it out of her hand.) Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that youre with Ross
okay and imagine that youre kissing him. And youre-youre running your
hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross
its some kind of grease, itsuck! Hah?
Rachel: I dont know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much,
and yknow it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
Phoebe: Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, lets try
some uh, aversion therapy.
Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: Okay?
Rachel: All right.
Phoebe: So uh, now look at the picture
Rachel: Okay.
Phoebe: All right, and umm (She grabs the picture and smacks her in the
head.) 
Rachel: Ow!
Phoebe: Okay, how do you feel now?
Rachel: Well, I like you less!
[Scene: Chandler and Joeys hotel room. Chandler is watching TV as Joey returns,
still wearing his hat.]
Joey: Hey.
Chandler: Hey. (He nods at the hat.)
Joey: Oh. (Takes off the hat.) Sorry!
Chandler: No-no-no, yknow what? I really shouldnt have said that you
were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasnt cool. And if it makes you feel any
better, Ive had a really lousy day.
Joey: Me too.
Chandler: Yeah?
Joey: Noo!! Ive had the best day ever! Dude, check this out!
Monica: (entering) Hey!
Joey: Sh-shh-shh! (He motions for her to watch something he has taped.)
[Cut to the tape Joey made in front of some famous place in London with a rather famous
English-type person.]
Joey: (on tape) Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.

Fergie: (Yep, Sarah, the Duchess of York) Okay, so umm, whats your
friends name?
Joey: (on tape) Oh, Chandler.
Fergie: Hi Chandler! (Waves) 
Chandler: Thats Thats was
Monica: Oh my God!
Joey: Thats Fergie baby!!
Fergie: Joey says you dont really like his hat, but I think its
kinda dashing.
Chandler: How did you? How? How?
Joey: Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right?
So, Im in my map and-and(Ross enters) Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Ross: Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.
Monica: (laughs) Yes, I did! And you are welcome!
Ross: Am I?! And was it your idea to postpone the wedding?!
Monica: Umm
Chandler: Im gonna go to the bathroom.
Joey: Wait up! (They both run to the bathroom.)
Ross: Hey-hey, since youre the fix-it lady, heres a
pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesnt want to have the wedding at
all?
Monica: She said that?!
Ross: Yeah.
Monica: Why?!
Ross: I dont know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just
because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
Monica: Oh my God. Youre even dumber than I am!
Ross: Excuse me?
Monica: Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
Ross: I dont know. A month?
Monica: Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the
first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. Thats what we
did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect
four-tiered wedding cake (Starting to cry), with the little people on top. (Ross gets
thrown a box of Kleenex from the bathroom and he gives her one.) Thanks. But the most
important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that
other stuff was.
Ross: I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were
just doing the flying nun.
Monica: Sometimes we were.
Ross: Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?
Monica: Okay.
Ross: Come on. (They leave and Chandler sticks his head out.)
Chandler: That was pretty intense huh?
Joey: Yeah. (Pause) Hey, I hope Ross didnt think that we just went in
there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
Chandler: (glares at him) I hope he did!
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the phone rings and Phoebe answers it.]
Phoebe: Hello.
Joey: (on phone) Hey, Pheebs! Its Joey!
Phoebe: Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on thethat looks just
like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say hi! but then I
figured, he doesnt care if he looks like you.
Joey: That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the
chick and the duck are doing?
Phoebe: Ohh, theyre having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe!
Aunt Rachel hasnt been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
Joey: Kinda, but Ive just been having way too much fun.
Phoebe: So youre not homesick yet?
Joey: No, I dont think so.
Phoebe: All right, the seven of us miss you.
Joey: Whos seven?
Phoebe: Yknow, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies
Joey: Ahh, the babies miss me?
(There is a knock on Rachel and Phoebes door.)
Phoebe: Ooh, the pizza guys here!
Joey: What? You ordered pizza without me?!
Phoebe: Yeah. But yknow we were thinking about you, yknow we ordered
the Joey Special.
Joey: Two pizzas?!
Phoebe: Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.
Joey: Wait, well, where did you get it from?! 
(Phoebe has already hung up, leaving Joey in the dark. So Joey decides to watch some TV
and turns on a rerun of Cheers, with the theme song playing. At first, hes
happy, but as the song progresses Joey gets depressed and homesick.)
[Scene: Ross and Emilys planned wedding place, Monica is dragging Emily in.]
Emily: Monica, why have you brought me here of all places?!
Monica: Youll see.
Emily: I tell you, this wedding is not going to happen.
(At that Ross plugs in some Christmas lights to light the place up.)
Emily: Oh God.
Ross: Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and yknow fewer
bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles
Monica: And the musicians, look, they can go over here (Points to a little
alcove), okay? And the chairs can face this way (Points), and (Points to Ross) You
go.
Ross: But-but, if you dont love this, well do it in any other place
at any other time. Really, its fine, whatever you want.
Emily: Its perfect.
Ross: And, I dont know, if it starts to rain
Emily: Well then well get wet. (They kiss.)
Monica: Ohh. And I dont even have a date.
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is in her bedroom.]
Rachel: Pheebs?
Phoebe: Yeah?
Rachel: Do you remember where the duck food is?
Phoebe: Yeah, its in the guys apartment under the sink. Why?
Rachel: (enters with a bag packed) Because Im going to London.
Phoebe: What?! What do you mean youre going to London?
Rachel: Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you
dont have those babies until I get back. (Kisses her stomach.) 
Phoebe: IRachel, you cant go! Ross loves Emily!
Rachel: Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel!
He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
Phoebe: Thats not why youre going! Youre going because you
hope hes gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British
chippy."
Rachel: OhhDo you think he will?!
Phoebe: No! Because hes in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if
you go, youre just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Yknow,
its too late! You missed youre chance! Im sorry, I know this must be
really hard, its over.
Rachel: Yknow what? No. Its not over until someone says, "I
do." (Exits)
Phoebe: I do! I do! I do! (Chases her into the hall, but Rachel doesnt
stop.) I do! (Gives up.) Ugh, like I can really chase you. Im carrying a litter.
Commercial Break
[Scene: Moving Shot towards The Waltham House. A phone  is ringing.]

Housekeeper: The Waltham Residence.
Phoebe: Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emilys Parents house.

Housekeeper: This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is
not how one addresses oneself on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks
for the person with whom one wishes to speak.

Phoebe: (In a British accent) This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if
its not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
Housekeeper: Miss Waltham, is at the rehearsal dinner and its not polite
to make fun of people. Goodbye.

Phoebe: No no no, Ill be nice, I swear!!!  Could you just give me the
number for where they are?

Housekeeper: Im afraid, Im not at liberty to divulge that information.

Phoebe: Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn
somebody, alright. So if you dont give me that number then Im going to come
over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.

Housekeeper: Hangs up.

Phoebe: Hello, Hello. Ohh, OHH, she knew I could kick her ass.
[Scene: Rehearsal dinner hall. Ross and Emily are standing in the reception area.
Monica arrives with her parents.]

Monica: Hey.

Ross: (Ross hugs his mom and dad)Hi. Mom. Dad.

Mrs. Geller: Sweetheart. Oh sorry were late, my fault, I insisted on riding the
tube.

Mr. Geller: (embarrassed) Judy, the kids..

Mrs. Geller: Jack, thats what they call the subway.

Mr. Geller: Ohh, I thought that you....

Ross and Monica: Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!

Emily: Ohh, here comes my dad and stepmum. Mister and Misses Geller, this is Steven
and Andrea Waltham.

Mr. Waltham: (Shaking everyone's hand.) Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do?
Very nice to meet you. (Looking over at his wife.) Darling its the Gellers. (She
pays no attention shes talking on a cellular phone.) (Louder) Darling, its the
Gellers. (Shes still not responding.) Shes very self-absorbed, you know. I
should never have married her.

Mrs. Waltham: (Looking evilly at her husband) Sorry, what?

Mr. Waltham: Its the Gellers!

Mrs. Waltham: Where?

Mr. Waltham: Well theres one (pointing towards Jack) and theres another
(pointing towards Judy).

Mrs. Waltham: Lovely to meet you.

Mr. Waltham: Terribly nice of you to offer to pay for half the wedding. (He hand a
multipage bill to Jack.)

Mr. Geller: Ohh forget it. Too hell with tradition, were happy to do it.

Mrs. Geller: We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only
wedding we get to throw (patting Monica on the shoulder.).

Monica: Ha ha, a joke thats funny in all countries.
(Ross quickly directs the families to their tables.)
[Scene: Chandler and Joey are standing by the kitchen entrance. A waiter comes out.]

Waiter: Sir? (Looking at Joey.)

Joey: Whats in it?

Waiter: Goat cheese, water chestnuts, and panchetta. (Joey Looks down disgustingly
at the food.)

Joey: (Looking up at the waiter)Thats not food...No, I dont, no...(Taps
Chandler on the shoulder.) Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my
family. I miss the coffee house. I cant even remember what Phoebe looks like.
Chandler: Joey, its been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick,
Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.

Joey: (Pointing at Chandler.) Your different here too. Your mean in England.
(Chandler throws his hands up to his head in frustration. They walk away from each other.)
[Camera pans to the Geller family table. Ross, Rachel, Mr. and Mrs. Geller are there.]

Mr. Geller: (Looking at ht wedding bill.) What the hell!!!

Ross: whats up, Dad?

Mr. Geller: This bill for my half of the wedding. its insane.

Mrs. Geller: How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.

Mr. Geller: (Pointing items out on the bill.) Flowers, liquor, recarpet first
floor. New guest bath, landscaping. Im paying to remodel this guys house. (Angrily
gets up.) Im going to give that son on a bitch, a piece of my mind.

Ross: (Holding him back.)Dad, dad, please. Look I dont want anything to upset
Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. (Picks up the
bill.) Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay?

Mr. Geller: And you tell him no one takes advantage of the Gellers.

Mrs. Geller: Ooh, Jack....(He looks over to her) Sometimes I forget how powerful
you can be. (They embrace and kiss passionately.)

Monica: (Looking nauseous from her parents kissing.) And Im going to go get
drunk. (Gets up to get a drink.)
[Scene: An airport in New York.]

Rachel: (Running to the ticket counter) Ooh, ooh, ooh,ooh,ooh. (Slightly out of
breath) Hi.

Ticket Agent: (Cheerfully.) Hello.

Rachel: (Faking cheerfulness.) Hello. Umm, when is your next flight to London?

Ticket Agent: (looking at her computer terminal) Theres one leaving in thirty
minutes.

Rachel: Ohh, good.

Ticket Agent: And I do have one seat left. 

Rachel: Ohh, thank you, thank you, thank you.

Ticket Agent: The last minute fare on this ticket is twenty seven hundred dollars.

Rachel: (looking through her wallet.) Ohh, I just dont think I have enough
left on my credit card.

Ticket Agent: Well you can split it with another credit card.

Rachel: Ohh, okay, how about five. (She hands her all the credit cards.) Ohh, thank
you.

Ticket Agent: Im just going to need to see your passport.

Rachel: (Looking through her purse.) Okay, you know what? I dont have it, but
I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I
have my drivers license and I have a twenty. (She slides it across the counter.)

Ticket Agent: (Slides the twenty back and tosses her credit card onto the counter.)
[Scene: The Rehearsal dinner hall. Ross is at the Walthams table discussing the
bill.]

Ross: Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and
believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn.

Mr. Waltham: Ahh, then you have to give us the lawn ornaments.

Ross: I go back there with lawn ornaments, hes going to laugh in my face.

Mrs. Waltham: This is ridiculous. I mean we had an agreement. (Ross looks
frustrated. She begins to scream at her husband.) Will you say something, Steven?!
Please!!!

Mr. Waltham: Dont take that tone with me. (She looks evilly at him.) All-all
right you can. (He looks over at Ross and Shrugs.)
[Scene: The Girls apartment. Phoebe is dialing the phone and Rachel runs in the door.]

Rachel: (Running to her room.) Hi, Pheebs.

Phoebe: (Looking relieved. She puts down the phone.) Oh thank god. Oh, you changed
your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you dont want to talk
about it, thats fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing
and...

Rachel: (Running back out the door with her passport.) Bye, Pheebs.

Phoebe: (Trying to get up.) Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!!
Wait!! (Not able to get up.) God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
[Scene: The Rehearsal Dinner Hall. Chandler, Joey, Ross, Emily, Monica, and all the
bridal party are seated at the table. Chandler gets up to make a toast.]

Chandler: Id like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be
tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will.
(No one in the room laughs. He starts to get flustered.) Okay. I known Ross for a long
time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. (Ross looks
embarrassed.) And I thought things were going to work out for him..Until the day he over
inflated her. (He laughs. Jack looks at Judy and no one in the room laughs.) Ohh, Dear
God.. (A cellular phone rings.)

Mrs. Waltham: Hello, Waltham Interiors.

Phoebe: Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with ether one of the best men, or
Rosss sister Monica.

Mrs. Waltham: Who is this?

Phoebe: Oh, Im Phoebe Buffay. Im one of Rosss best friends.

Mrs. Waltham: Well, if youre on e of Rosss best friends, why
arent you here?

Phoebe: Yeah, um, I cant fly. Im having my brothers babies.

Mrs. Waltham: Oh, am I on the radio?

Phoebe: No..umm, could I talk to one of them? Its very very important.

Mrs. Waltham: No, Im bored with you now. Im going to cut you off. (She
hangs up.)

Phoebe: Ohh! Okay, Im going to have to kick her ass too.

Chandler: (Continuing his toast.) And Im sure were all very excited
that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend
getting married in Monty Hall. (No reaction from the people.) Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!!
Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and
Emily. (He sits down.)

Joey: Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now Im not good with the
jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy
couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where
everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. (pointing at everyone.) But not as
much as I love America. (Looking at Chandler.) Could we please..go home now?
(One of the bridesmaids, Felicity, puts her arm around Joey.)

Felicity: (Putting her arm around Joey.) Are you going home? I was hoping to get to
know you better.

Joey: (Putting his arm around her.) Im not going anywhere, sweetheart.
[Scene: Later that evening at the rehearsal dinner. Chandler and Monica are sitting on
a sofa. Chandler is covering his face in embarrassment because of the toast.]

Monica: I was laughing. (Patting him on the knee.)

Chandler: Out loud?

Monica: Well I didnt want everyone to think I was stupid.

Chandler: So how are you doing?

Monica: My mothers driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. Im
happy. (A drunken man approaches.) Im not going to let anything spoil that.

Drunk Man: I just want to say that Ross is a wonderful young man.

Monica: Well, thanks, we like him.

Drunk Man: My god!! You must have been a teenage when you had him. (Monica stares
straight forward after the comment. Chandler tries to console her by patting her on the
shoulder.)
(Ross and Emilys parents are seated at a table. Ross is between them and they are
discussing the wedding bill.)

Mr. Geller: Theres no way in hell, Im paying for it.

Ross: Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it
after the wedding.

Mr. Geller: All-right fine, but I just want to say, Im not paying for your
wine cellar. You thieving, would be speaking German if it werent for us, cheap
little man. (Emilys stepmum looks shocked. Jack and Judy get up and leave.)
(Chandlers trying to console Monica.)

Chandler: The guy was hammered, okay? Theres no way, you look like
Rosss mother.

Monica: Then why would he say it?

Chandler: Because hes crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me
for my very moving performance in Titanic.

Monica: Oh, my mothers right. Im never going to get married.

Chandler: Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldnt want you?

Monica: Ohh, Please?! Im a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!
[Scene: The airport. Rachel runs up to the ticket counter.]

Rachel: Hi, Im back. Listen, I need to...

Ticket Agent: Hello.

Rachel: Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight.

Ticket Agent: Oh Im afraid that plane has already pulled away from the gate.

Rachel: Okay, you know what/ Youre going to have to call that plane and tell
them to swing around and come and pick me up.

Ticket Agent: I cant do that.

Rachel: Sure, you know what? Come on, well just tell them that there was like
a problem with like the "engine".

Ticket Agent: Im afraid Im going to have to ask you to step aside,
Miss.

Rachel: Look, If I dont get to London!! He is going to marry that other
girl!!!

Ticket Agent: I cant imagine why.

Rachel: All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane
back!! (She pounds her hand on the counter twice. The ticket agent counters by placing the
closed sign on the counter and tapping it twice.)
[Scene: Chandlers hotel room. Ross bursts into the room.]

Ross: (Screaming) Im getting married today!! Whoo-hoo!!

Chandler: (With the covers pulled up to his chin.) Morning, Ross.

Ross: Im getting married, to..day!!

Chandler: Yeah you are!!

Ross: Ahh, whoo-hoo!!(He runs back out the door.

Monica: (Comes up for below the covers and looks concerned.) Do you think he knew I
was here? (Chandler quickly looks at Monica not knowing what to say.)

Commercial Break

[Scene: Chandlers hotel room. Chandler and Monica are lying in the bed together
talking. Theres an awkward air between them. They are both clutching the covers in
from of them.]

Chandler: Well Ive-Ive never done that with you before.

Monica: (In am uneasy voice.) Nope. (She chuckles uneasily.)

Chandler: So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?

Monica: Yep, yep...You?

Chandler: Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You?(Looking over at her. She looks back.) We did you.

Monica: Well...Id better get going.

Chandler: Oh yea yea, absolutely.

Monica: (Scoots towards the side of the bed.) Could you not look?

Chandler: I dont want to look.
[Scene: The Virgin Atlantic flight to London that Rachel is on.]

Rachel: Ohhh.(she rhythmically taps her hands on the magazine on her lap.)

Passenger: Ahh, ahh, excuse me.

Rachel: Yeah?

Passenger: If youre planning on doing that throughout the entire flight.
Please tell me now. So that I could that a sedative...or perhaps slip you one.

Rachel: Oh. Im sorry. Im very sorry. Sorry. (She hums and sighs
happily.) Its just, Im ahh, Im kinda excited. Im, ahh, going to
London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and... (He puts his headphones on to ignore
her.) 
[Scene: Joey enters his hotel room. The phone is ringing.]

Joey: Hello?

Phoebe: (Angrily.) Hey, were the hell have you been?!

Joey: Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...

Phoebe: I dont want to hear about her!!

Joey: Ahh Pheebs, you know youre still my number one girl.

Phoebe: No! No, we have an emergency. Okay? Rachels coming to London.

Joey: Ohh great!!!

Phoebe: No its not great. No, shes coming to tell Ross that she loves
him.

Joey: (Confused.) But, he loves Emily?

Phoebe: I KNOW THAT!!! You have to stop her!! Shes going to ruin the
wedding!!

Joey: Okay.

Phoebe: All right, so, okay...

Joey: Hold on. Hold on. (Picking up a note pad and writing and reading the message
aloud.) Rachel coming. Do...Something.

Phoebe: Okay, so Im done my part, okay. Its your responsibility now,
okay. The burden is off me, right?

Joey: Right!

Phoebe: So tell me about this girl?
(The guys hotel room. Joeys there. Chandler comes out of the bathroom in a robe.)

Joey: Hey.

Chandler: Hey.

Joey: Have you seen Monica?

Chandler: (Very defensive.) Im not seeing Monica.

Joey: (With a confused look on his face.) What?

Chandler: What?

Joey: Look weve got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachels coming to
tell Ross she loves him!!

Chandler: Oh my god!

Joey: I know! Thats why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is? 

Chandler: No!! Okay!! Whats with the third degree?! Why dont you just
shine a light in my eyes?! (Joey looks totally confused.)
[Scene: The plane. Rachel's telling her story to the passenger on her left. The one on
her left is still wearing his headphones.]

Rachel: ...And so then I realized. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to
Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldnt come to the wedding. Was all just a way
of...

Passenger: (Frustrated he takes his headphones off.) Oh, oh oh!! Im sorry,
can I interrupt? You know I just want to say..That you are a horrible, horrible person.

Rachel: Ehh, pardon me?

Passenger: You say you love this man, yet youre about to ruin the happiest
day of his life. Im afraid I have to agree with you friend Pheebs.. This is a..this
is a...terrible, terrible plan. 

Rachel: But he has to know how I feel!

Passenger: But why? He loves this...this Emily person. No good can come of this.

Rachel: (Sighing) Well I-I think your wrong.

Passenger: Oh-no.(He bites his fist at her.)And by the way, it seems to be
perfectly clear that you were on a break. (Rachel gasps and doesnt know what to say.
He puts his headphones back on.)
[Scene: The church where Ross and Emily are to be married. Judy, Andrea, and Monica
enter together.]

Mrs. Geller: (Looking around at the chapel.) Oh my God! Its like a fairyland.

Mrs. Waltham: I know, its horrible isnt it?

Monica: Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good.

Mrs. Geller: I just hope...

Monica: (Angrily.) You can let some of them go by!(Judy and Andrea go to the front
of the chapel. Joey approaches Monica.)

Joey: (Whispering.) Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for
Rachel. Ill cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the
building and I got Chandler covering Ross.

Monica: (Awkwardly.) Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know
sometimes I dont even like Chandler.

Joey: Okay. (They both walk off to watch for Rachel.)
(Ross and chandler are standing next to the alter. Ross is practicing for the wedding.)

Ross: (Using a slightly different inflection for each.) I do. I do. I do.

Chandler: Oh yea, your right. Its the second one.

Ross: (Very Nervous)Really?
[Scene: Joeys in the front entrance watching for Rachel. The bridesmaid he met at
the rehearsal dinner come in.)

Felicity: (In a sexy voice.)Hello Joey.

Joey: Hey, Felicity.

Felicity: Umm, I thought about you all day.

Joey: Yeah.

Felicity: Um-hum. Talk New York to me again.

Joey: (In a New York accent.) Fuggetaboutit. (She giggles.) How you doin?

Felicity: Mmm. (She pushes him up against the wall and they begin to kiss.)

Joey: Oh, yeah.
(Back in the chapel. The parents are still fighting over the bill. Ross is refereeing.)

Mrs. Geller: Theres nothing to discuss. Were not paying for your wine
cellar.

Mr. Waltham: (Pleading.) You-you have to meet me in the middle here.

Mr. Geller: (Forcefully.) Hey, you keep pushing me on this, my foots going to meet
the middle of your ass.

Ross: Dad!! (Emily comes running in.)

Emily: What-whats going on?!

Ross: Nothing, nothing. Everything's under control.

Mr. Waltham: You want a piece of me, sir? Is that what your saying? (Pointing at
Jack and poking him) You want a piece of me?

Ross: (Stepping in between them.)Okay! Okay! Thats it!! Parents!! Parents!!
Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day!  From now on everyone gets along,
and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! (Pointing at his mother.) Thats
right!!

Mr. Geller: Okay, okay.

Mr. Waltham: Sorry old boy, sorry. Sorry. Sorry. (Them all walk away. As he leaves
he mutters to Jack.) I could kill you with my thumb, you know.

Emily: What was all that about?

Ross: (Sighing.) It was...This disagreement over...(She sighs. Ross notices her in
her wedding dress.) My god. You...you look beautiful.

Emily: (Giggles.) Ohh...(She realizes that shes in her gown.) Oh! You were
not meant to see me before the wedding. Its bad luck.

Ross: You know what, I think weve had all the bad luck were going to
have. (He hugs her.)
(The front entrance. Joey and the bridesmaid are up against the wall kissing. Rachel
comes in the door and walks by Joey unnoticed. She walks into the chapel and sees Ross and
Emily kissing. She looks as though she wants to cry. Emily walks away and Ross turns and
sees Rachel standing there.)

Ross: My God. Rachel! (He walks towards her, grasps her hands and kisses her on the
cheek.) Your here. I cant believe it. (She giggles.) What happen? Why are you here?

Rachel: Well I just came...(She touches him near his heart. Shes almost in
tears.) I just needed to tell you...(Looking into his eyes. She takes a deep breath.)
Congratulations. (He hugs her. She can barely hold back the tears.)
[Scene: Camera fades to one of the band members playing guitar at the wedding. The
chapel is full of guest. A groomsmen escorts a bridesmaid down the isle. Joey is waiting
with Mrs. Waltham to escort he down the isle. A cellular phone rings.]

Mrs. Waltham: (Answering the phone.) Hello, Waltham Interiors.

Phoebe: Mrs. Waltham. Hi. Its Phoebe again.

Mrs. Waltham: (Throws her head back in disgust.) Why?!

Phoebe: Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is
going to be the last time I promise.

Mrs. Waltham: (Slapping the phone into Joeys chest.) Joey theres a girl
on the phone for you.

Joey: (Smiling.) Ohh great!! (Putting the phone to his ear.) Hello. (He begins to
escort her down the aisle.)

Phoebe: Did you stop Rachel?

Joey: No, but its okay. She just came in and gave him a hug, that it.

Phoebe: So nothing got ruined?

Joey: No.

Phoebe: Oh thats so great! Ohh, so whats going on now?

Joey: Ah, Im-Im walking down the aisle...Still walking. (Mrs. Waltham
takes her place.) Im about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night.
(Looking at the bridesmaid.) Hey! (Talking to Phoebe.) I told her "Hey." And now
Im at the front with Ross. Its Phoebe. (He shows Ross the phone.) He looks
pretty mad. Uh...Id better go.

Phoebe: No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen. (Joey looks
at Ross and holds the phone above Rosss shoulder.)
(Chandler escorts Monica down the aisle.)

Chandler: What we did last night was....

Monica: Stupid.

Chandler: Totally crazy stupid. (He nods his head at the people seated.)

Monica: What were we thinking?

Chandler: Im coming over tonight though, right?

Monica: Oh yeah. Definitely.
(They quickly take their places and Here Comes the Bride Begins to play. Everyone
seated looks back. Emily is being escorted up the aisle by her father. She kisses him on
the cheek and takes her place by Rosss side.)

Minister: Friends. Family. We are gathered to celebrate here today the joyous union
of Ross and Emily. May the happiness we share with them today be with them always. Now
Emily, repeat after me. I, Emily...

Emily: I, Emily...

Minster: Take thee Ross...

Emily: Take thee Ross...

Minster: As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, till death parts
us.

Emily: As my lawfully wedded husband, in sickness and in health, until death parts
us.

Minster: Now Ross, repeat after me. I Ross...

Ross: I Ross...

Minister: Take thee, Emily...

Ross: Take thee, Rachel...(All his friends have looks of shock on their faces. He
realizes what he said. Quickly he says.) Emily. (A slight chuckle.) Emily.

Minister: (Looking and feeling awkward. he looks towards Emily.) Uhh...Shall I go
on? 
(Rachel looks all around as if all the eyes in the chapel were looking at her as the
picture fades to black.)

Closing Credits
End


