

Friends: The Stuff Youve Never Seen





Friends: The Stuff Youve Never Seen

Hosted by: Conan OBrien
Transcribed by: Eric Aasen
This is a special out takes episode. The cast and Conan are sitting around the set of
Central Perk, talking about the stuff weve never seen. 
Transcribers Note: This is stuff we never saw from all of the seasons, so for all
of the scene settings I will be using the current arrangements. Even though some of the
out takes take place when Chandler was living with Joey and Rachel was living with Monica,
when Joey and Chandler were living in Monica and Rachels, and the current
arrangements.

[Scene: Central Perk, the cast of Friends along with Conan OBrien are sitting and
talking.]
Conan: Its a tradition here on Friends after every taping for me to
hang out with you guys, (They all laugh) talk down the episode umm The point of this
whole thing is what people see in America is: they see Friends, they love the show,
it looks like a smooth running machine, but behind the scenes theres deceit,
mistrust, and hate. And I thought, I thought wed actually take a look at uh,
yknow some of these moments where you guys arethere are mistakes. You make
mistakes.
Jennifer: Once and a while.
Lisa: From time to time.
Conan: For example, I dont have to memorize lines. You guys actually have
to remember what to say and you probably forget from time to time. Yes?
Matthew: Our energy just comes way up when theres an audience here and
when that happens, something happens between your brain and your mouth sometimes and it
just doesnt, it just doesnt work.
[Cut to Central Perk, Ross, Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler are there. I think its
The One With The Joke.]
Ross: Uh, oh-oh, umm no you didnt. I did.
Chandler: Oh uh-uh, no-no-no-no-uh-uh. (He starts laughing, causing everyone
else to laugh.)
[Cut to Joey and Rachel's, Phoebe is talking. It looks like when Rachel and Monica
lived in this apartment.]
Phoebe: So, we realize thatOh no (She resets herself) Im
telling it! Im telling it (She loses it.)
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Joey is talking to Monica and Chandler.]
Joey: Ha-ha. LookCome on, I dont know what to door say. (He
laughs.)
[Reset]
Joey: Ha-ha, very funny. I dont know what to do! Yknow? Holy crud!
[Reset]
Joey: Ha-ha-ha, very funny. Look, I dont know what to do! (Long pause, as
everyone cracks up.)
Courtney: It is one of those days!
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Phoebe is speaking Italian to Joeys grandmother.
Im spelling phonetically.]
Phoebe: Xcusa seniora, voulez-bere quakay[Beep]uck it!
Matt: Wow Pheebs, you-you speak gutter?
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: You still get nervous everybody just before a show?
Matthew: Absolutely.
Lisa: Everybody.
Courtney: Its amazing like all week long weve-weve been saying
the same lines and then the audience is here and we will mess up, and if you mess up once,
then youll get nervous because youllyou know youll probably mess
up again.
[Cut to Central Perk, first season Monica is talking.]
The Director: Action!
Monica: (holding her hand in front of her face) When you were little you slept
through-through the Grand Canyon.
The Director: Watch again that hand.
Courtney: Thisll be five/ten takes.
The Director: Okay.
Courtney: Okay. You know its gonna happen.
The Director: Once again, and action!
Monica: (the hands still there) When-when you were little you slept
through the Grand Canyon. (She actually itches her nose this time.)
Courtney: Oh! Okay! Im gonna try it without the coffee cup cause I
think its the left hand thats messing me up.
[Reset]
Monica: When you were little you slept through the Grand(Pointing
again)Oh fffff.
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Monica and Phoebe are talking.]
Monica: Sorry, lets go back! Cause youve got more to say.
Lisa: Do I? Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah, thats your fault. Isay.
(They both laugh.)
Lisa: I love you.
Courtney: I love you! (They hug.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: But there must be, there mustare a lot of moments over the years
where youre just trying to do your job, something goes wrong.
[Cut to Joey and Rachel's, Joey is giving Chandler the bracelet from season 2.]
Joey: Hey and, this is a little extra something for yknow, always being
there for me.
(Suddenly theres a noise off stage and the camera on Joey swings around.)
Matthew: Hey Joey! The camera hit our wall!
Matt: What?!
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Chandler and Joey are living here and Ross is writing on
the Magna-Doodle when Rachel opens the door causing the door knob to hit his hand.]
David: Ahh! Sh(Beep)it that hurt!
Jennifer: Are you okay?
[Reset]
[When he hears Jennifer try to open the door he jumps back, and Jennifer is unable to
open the door this time.]
[Cut the hallway, Rachel is exited from Monicas when the door closes on her
skirt.]
Chandler: Hey Rach! (She breaks up and goes back into Monicas.)
[Cut to Joey and Rachel's, with the giant entertainment center Joey is exiting from his
room.]
Joey: Oh yeah? Then how come I keep(He notices that the marker board they
use has been left on the entertainment center and holds up his discovery.)
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, first season, Monica is making a giant sub-sandwich and
is talking to Rachel. I think its The One With Fake Monica.]
Monica: It was so wild! We told em we were the Gundersons in
16
(Jennifer starts laughing.)
Courtney: (laughing) I spit on her!
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Jennifer: (to Lisa) Operation. You had a fun one.
Lisa: Oh yeah!
Jennifer: With Operation.
Conan: It was a little game. Yeah, with an electric buzzer.
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, The One With George Stephanopoulos, Phoebe is showing
Monica and Rachel that she brought Operation to their slumber party.]
Phoebe: Oh-ooh, and I brought Operation, but umm I lost the umm (It
starts buzzing) Its making a noise.
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Lisa: But le Blanc really doesnt mess up much.
Conan: You dont verbally mess up, but sometimes physically? You mess up.
Matt: I have had some clumsy moments I guess you can call em.
[Cut to Central Perk, to the theme from The Dick Van Dyke show Joey runs into
Central Perk carrying a stack of Soap Opera Digests and falls on the step. He does
bounce right back up making it all that much funnier.]
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Lisa: He fell down once! And we re-did it and we went back. And
he(laughs)he was afraid he was gonna fall down
Conan: You could actually see him trying not to fall down.
[Cut to Central Perk, same as before Joey is entering.]
Joey: Pheebs! (He looks down as he goes down the step to make sure he
didnt fall again.) Check it out! (He starts laughing when he realized what he did.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Courtney: This particular time when he continued to fall or yknow, try not
to fall, I was in the room with Matthew and Matthew was like, "Should I do it?"
[Reset from before, Matt doesnt fall or look down.]
Joey: Pheebs! Check it out! Check it out! Check it out! Check it out! (Hands her
one.)
Phoebe: Ooh, Soap Opera Digest!
(As shes saying that Joey is to pull out a chair and sit down, only Matthew comes
running in from off camera and dives for the same chair.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: Matthew, you have a reputation with the rest of the cast that sometimes
you like to, you like to fool around a bit. I mean like if somethings naturally
going wrong you like to get in there and juice it a little bit. True or false?
Matthew: I dont necessarily like to juice things
Courtney: He said true or false!
[Cut to Monicas restaurant kitchen, its the episode where Joey is working
as a waiter at Monicas restaurant. Joey is patting her breast from when she set it
on fire.]
Joey: Oh! Ooh-ooh!
Monica: What are you doing?!
Joey: Youre still a tiny bit on fire there.
Monica: Oh geez! Okay! Thanks!
(Matthew runs in and starts patting the other breast, then walks away. Matt slowly
stops patting her breast.)
[Cut to that same kitchen, only this is The One With The Proposal, Richard is telling
Monica something.]
Richard: It was great seeing you the other night.
Monica: Well, it was good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me
that?
Richard: Noo! I came down here to tell you something else. I came here
to tell you I still love you.
(Suddenly the door flies open and in walks Chandler!!)
Chandler: What the fu(beep)ck are you doing?!
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: Now you guys work with animals a lot. You had to work early on with a
monkey
Jennifer: That damn monkey.
Conan: That damn monkey.
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, The One Where The Monkey Gets Away, Rachel is watching a
soap opera with Marcel.]
Rachel: Okay. Okay, see now the one with the feather boa? Thats Dr.
Francis. She used to be a man. Oh look! There(Marcel (Katie) jumps away)Okay.
(And runs behind her on the back of the couch for a little while.) 
Jennifer: Katie. Geez! See Katie, come hereKatie! (Katie spills some
popcorn.) Katie, come here Katie. (She obeys and sits where shes supposed to.) Very
good.
[Reset, theyre about to start the scene when Katie suddenly jumps up startling
Jennifer.]
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Jennifer: Lisas laugh thoughTheresIts so
infectious. Its one of those thingsjust forget about it. Once it starts,
its all gone.
[Cut to Joey and Rachel's, its actually Joey and Rachels. Phoebe is trying
to convince Rachel to switch with her and live with Monica as Joey looks on.]
Rachel: No yknow, I dont want to switch! Come on! I can throw wet
paper towels here!
Phoebe: Well at Monicas you can eat(Suddenly cracks up.)
Lisa: Okay, shh yeah. Cause its not silly.
The Director: Here we go.
Jennifer: Okay.
The Director: Andaction!
Rachel: No-no Ph-Ph-Ph-Ph (She starts laughing.)
[Reset]
Jennifer: (to Lisa) Ready?
Lisa: Yeah.
(They all start laughing.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: And then it just builds on itself and theres no doing the scene
after. I mean you probably wait and really get it together and do it.
David: For me, I have a hard time with le Blanc in particular. When-whenI
mean when
Conan: (to Matt) You bastard.
Matt: Yeah, what did I do?
David: I keep a straight face he-he delivers like this look, a reaction to
you, or a certain take, I-II mean I find it so funny.
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Ross is eating breakfast with Joey and Monica. Joey is
walking towards Ross.]
Joey: Mornin
Ross: Mornin
(Joey hugs Rosss neck and has a look of complete contentment on his face which,
after a short while, causes David and Matt to start laughing.)
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Monica is throwing a party. Joey is talking to Ross
about the bad audition he just had while pouring booze onto a snow cone.]
Joey: I mean what kind of an actor, what kind of an actor cant even say,
"Hmm, noodle soup?"
(David smiles.)
Matt: Thats a good one? (They both laugh.)
David: Now, we should go back and take the other line.
Matt: Okay, Ill just put a little more booze on there. (Pours some more
on.)
Ross: I think, subconsciously
Joey: (cracking up) Nope, you lost me.
[Reset, Joey is about to pour more booze on.]
David: No! Come on!
[Cut to Joey and Rachel's, Joey and Ross are giving Phoebe and Rachel the brides
maid test.]
Joey: Okay, the next situation is for Rachel. The wedding is about to start you
walk into the back room and you find Monica taking a nap with Ross. (Ross lies on the
floor.) Ill be Monica. Go! (He jumps down and cuddles up with Ross.)
Ross: (jumping up) No! No! No!
(David and Matt just lose it then.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: Well be right back with more Friends, less me.
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Courtney and Matthew are getting ready to do a scene
where Monicas sick.]
Courtney: Im doing my brother.
Matthew: Thatsgross.
Commercial Break
[Conan and the cast in Central Perk.]
Conan: You uh, youve worked withThey always say a performer should
never work with pets or children.
Jennifer: Aww, the kids.
[Cut to Carol and Susans apartment, from next weeks episode Rachel is
talking to Ben.]
The Director: Action.
Rachel: Okay. NowWhat is my first line?
Ben: (prompting her) What did we agree?
Jennifer: Okay
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
David: The good thing about the young kids though, theyre completely
unpredictable. Which is a lot of fun as an actor to respond with. But there was one
story
Jennifer: Oh little Ben.
David: Where the story was that I was anticipating that I would be around to
hear my sons first words spoken. But the scene was about that he wasnt
supposed to be able to speak and, uh for some reason when we started doing the show
[Cut to Central Perk, Ross is taking Ben to visit Rachel whos working there.]
Ross: Hi! Were visiting!
Rachel: Yay!
Ross: Its Ben and his Da-Da. Da-Da? Can you say Da-Da? Yknow, you
might as well say it because I told your
Ben: DaDa.
[Reset]
Ross: Can you say Da-Da? See, Im gonna tell your mommies you said it
anyway, so you might as well try
Ben: DaDa.
Ross: Huh?
Ben: DaDa.
David: Yeah, hes saying Da-Da.
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Matt: And then sometimes during the show yknow but youre like, the
scenes going one way but youre just tempted to say something another time.
Like, do you remember that one where Monicas baking cookies in our old apartment?
Jennifer: Shes trying to intrigue us to hang out with her.
Matt: Yeah, shes trying to waft the smell across the hall to get us to
come hang out in her new place, and were sitting there eating pizza and I think it
was you (Points to Lisa) that said
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, the scene described above.]
Phoebe: What do I smell?
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Matt: I think I was supposed to say, "I dont know," and go over
and open the door. And I went
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, same scene.] 
Phoebe: What do I smell?
Joey: (Pause) Sorry. (Raises his hand in shame.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Matt: (everyone laughs) And then it was like four takes later before we could
get through it with a straight face.
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, same scene.] 
Phoebe: What do I smell?
(Pause.)
David: Le Blanc.
[Reset] 
Phoebe: What do I smell?
Joey: I dont know, but it smells good. (He gets up and heads for the door
only to stop short and start laughing.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: But audiencesYou have a live studio audience and they must love
that. They must love it when they see you guys playing.
[Cut to Joey and Rachel's, Ross is living with Chandler and Joey. Joey and Ross have
built a fort out of boxes, Chandler enters and they stand up slowly.]
Chandler: What are you guys doing?
(Ross and Joey both reach down and pull up their pants.)
Ross: Nothing.
Joey: Nothin.
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: So that you will intentionally do something
thattheyll-theyll intentionally screw it up?
Courtney: Yeah!
David: Yeah!
[Cut to Monica and Ross leaving Joey and Chandlers hotel room in London. As they
exit Joey and Chandler enter from the bathroom with both of their pants down around their
ankles.]
Matt: (noticing the laughter) Why? Whats the matter?
(They both bounce back into the bathroom.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: (to Courtney) You-youve worn a fat suit on the show. And, a lot of
people love you in the fat suit. Do you like wearing the fat suit? Is it fun?
[Cut to Central Perk, Fat Monica and Rachel are on the couch.]
Courtney: Im melting!
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Courtney: They made me dance, in the fat suit.
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Courtney is dancing in the fat suit and after shaking
her groove thing sits down in exhaustion.]
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: I-I heard some of you guys talking about this earlier, but sometimes
theres just a word that someone has to say that youll get hung up on. And
itll justthe way you say the word is funny to everybody else.
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, is the one where Rachel screwed up the desert and Ross
and Joey are trying to enjoy it.]
Ross: That tastes like feet!
(David puts his napkin up to his mouth and starts laughing at his own line. Matt
notices him after a while and starts laughing as well.)
Matt: It tastes like (mimicking him in a high-pitched voice) feet!
David: Okay, were good.
The Director: Action!
Ross: That tastes like feet!
(Matt starts laughing.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Matt: Sometimes the dialogue itself is just so funny and
youllwell be rehearsing during the week and you
justwhatever-whatever the joke is; its so funny we cant get through it
in rehearsal and just
Jennifer: You just know.
Matt: You-you mentally make a flag on it and you say, "Okay show night,
Im justIll never be able to get through this."
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Sick Monica is trying to entice Chandler to have sex
with her.]
Monica: Are you saying that you dont want to get with this?
Chandler: You see, I dont say(Starts laughing.)
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, its the one with the fake chocolate. Monica has
baked some cookies and Phoebe is trying them.]
Phoebe: (spitting the cookie out onto a napkin) Oh, sweet
Je(Beep)sus! Oh! Monica, these are the (laughing) cookies they serve in hell!
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, the gang is watching Joeys debut on Days.]
Chandler: (noticing the woman on the screen) Whoa! Shes purty!
Joey: Oh yeah, and shes really nice too! She taught me about yknow,
how to work with the cameras and smell-the-fart acting.
Monica: Joey?
Rachel: Im sorry
Ross: Excuse me, what?
(Matt turns back and looks and them, but instead of his next line he starts laughing.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: When you have to do physical business for a scene, I mean there must be;
there must be a lot of funny moments when you have to physically do a task as part of a
scene.
David: Yeah, Rachel, Chandler, and Ross had to try to get a couch up a
staira very narrow New York stairwell and that was probablyI-I think it was
the hardest Ive-Ive laughed in my life period.
[Cut to the scene described above.]
Ross: Pivot! (They pivot) Pivot! (They pivot) Okay, pivot! Piv-at! (He starts
laughing.)
[Reset]
Ross: Pivot! Piv-at! Piv-at!!
Chandler: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!!
(David is laughing.)
David: Pivat!! (In a high pitched voice) Pivat!!!
Commercial Break
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: Youve done over 150 episodes, but your favorite moments that 80
years from now youll be thinking about?
Matthew: It is when were able to crack each other up.
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is cleaning the apartment for Monica and is
frustrated with things not lining up.]
Chandler: Monicas gotta have the phone in the right place
and(Frantic babbling.)
Ross: (To Chandler) All right! All right! All right! (To Joey) We are
fixing it. 
(Matt starts laughing.)
David: Hes gone. Hes 
(Matt mimics Chandler.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
David: We enjoy watching each other. And I settle for watching each others
performance, and we like each other.
[Cut to Rosss second wedding reception, Joey has just told him the band is ready
with Rachel looking on.]
Ross: Oh the bands ready! And wellI-Iwe gotta do what the band
says, right? I dont care about the stinkin band!!
(Jennifer starts laughing.)
[Cut back to the cast and Conan.]
Conan: Okay Friends gang, thanks for doing it.
David: Well thank you so much.
Jennifer: Thank you Conan!
Matthew: Well thank for coming here, its good to see you.
[Cut to Central Perk, Phoebe at the mike.]
Phoebe: Thank you my babies. (Waves good-bye.)
Ending Credits
[Cut to Monicas work kitchen, shes on fire again and Joey is putting her
out.]
Monica: Oh what are doing?!
Joey: Youre still a tiny bit on fire there!
Monica: I think you got it!
Courtney: Im sorry, I messed up.
Matt: Ill do it again and again if you want.
[Cut to Monica and Chandler's, the bad desert Ross is quickly eating the mound on his
plate.]
Ross: No-no! Ill-Ill (He takes too much and some falls out of
his mouth, which starts him laughing.)
David: That is too much!
(Matt grabs his plate and takes some of whats on Rosss plate.)
[We close with a bunch of scenes where they screw up and make weird noises. It finishes
with.]
Matthew: Let me start that again.
End


